feat(WRN-1350): support gradle runinstall (#21)
containerbase/runinstall: README.md

# Runinstall

Runinstall is a tool that detects the project version and installs it dynamically.

> Runinstall has the propriety code to extract the constraints from the supported tools, and it utilizes renovate and install-tool in order to generate commands and install them.

Author: ```suggestion
Runinstall extracts version constraints of package managers, and utilizes Renovate and install-tool to generate commands to install the tool version that the project requires.
```

> Runinstall has the propriety code to extract the constraints from the supported tools, and it utilizes renovate and install-tool in order to generate commands and install them.

Author: try now
